feat(examples): mongodb data api + resolvers (#331)
grafbase/grafbase: examples/resolvers-mongodb/README.md

# Grafbase ⨯ MongoDB

> This examples hows how to create a Grafbase resolver that can execute read and write operations with a MongoDB database &mdash; [Read the guide](https://grafbase.com/guides/working-with-graphql-mongodb-data-api-and-edge-resolvers)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to create a Grafbase resolver that can execute read and write operations with a MongoDB database &mdash; [Read the guide](https://grafbase.com/guides/working-with-graphql-mongodb-data-api-and-edge-resolvers)
```
